Merge collective.xmltestreport code here (#156)
zopefoundation/zope.testrunner: src/zope/testrunner/tests/testrunner-xml-report.rst

Author: Done! 😄

      Ran 13 tests with 0 failures, 0 errors and 0 skipped in N.NNN seconds.
    Tearing down left over layers:
      Tear down zope.testrunner.layer.UnitTests in N.NNN seconds.
    False

A report has been created:

    >>> reports_folder.exists()
    True

There are 5 reports:

    >>> reports = [x for x in reports_folder.iterdir()]
    >>> len(reports)
    5

Report details
==============

Let's look at an individual report.

It's an XML file:

    >>> report = reports_folder / 'sample3.sampletests.TestA.xml'

3 tests were run with no errors nor failures:

    >>> content = report.read_text()
    >>> ' tests="3" ' in content
    True
    >>> ' errors="0" ' in content
    True
    >>> ' failures="0" ' in content
    True

The specific tests that were run:

    >>> '<testcase classname="sample3.sampletests.TestA" name="test_x1"' in content
    True
    >>> '<testcase classname="sample3.sampletests.TestA" name="test_y0"' in content
    True
    >>> '<testcase classname="sample3.sampletests.TestA" name="test_z0"' in content
    True

Remove the files:

    >>> _ = [x.unlink() for x in reports_folder.iterdir()]
    >>> _ = reports_folder.rmdir()

Errors reported
===============

> If errors/faiulres happen, they are also reported on the XML files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If errors/failures happen, they are also reported in the XML files:
```

    >>> directory_with_tests = os.path.join(tmpdir, 'testrunner-ex')
    >>> source = os.path.join(this_directory, 'testrunner-ex')
    >>> n = len(source) + 1
    >>> for root, dirs, files in os.walk(source):
    ...     dirs[:] = [d for d in dirs if d != ".svn"] # prune cruft
    ...     os.mkdir(os.path.join(directory_with_tests, root[n:]))
    ...     for f in files:
    ...         _ = shutil.copy(os.path.join(root, f),
    ...                         os.path.join(directory_with_tests, root[n:], f))

    >>> from zope import testrunner
    >>> defaults = [
    ...     '--path', directory_with_tests,
    ...     '--tests-pattern', '^sampletestsf?$',
    ...     '--xml',
    ...     ]

    >>> sys.argv = 'test --tests-pattern ^sampletests(f|_e|_f)?$ '.split()
    >>> testrunner.run_internal(defaults)
    ... # doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE +ELLIPSIS
    Running zope.testrunner.layer.UnitTests tests:
    ...
    Total: 329 tests, 3 failures, 1 errors and 0 skipped in N.NNN seconds.
    True

Let's look at the XML reports:

    >>> reports_folder.exists()
    True

There are quite some reports:

    >>> len([x for x in reports_folder.iterdir()])

>     106

Reviewer: Does this test break if someone adds a new test to `directory_with_tests`?

Reviewer: Let's keep it as it is for now.
